website/docs: add note about terraform provider (#11206)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/releases/2024/v2024.8.md

    }
    ```

-   **Terraform Resource rename**

>     Several resources in the terraform provider have been renamed to be more sensible. This mainly applies to Property-mapping-related resources. With the version 2024.8.1 of the terraform provider, both the old and new resources are available, and resources can be moved to the new name using `terraform state mv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Several resources in the terraform provider have been renamed to align more with their functionality. This mainly applies to property mapping-related resources. With the authentik version 2024.8.1 of the Terraform provider, both the old and new resources are available, and resources can be moved to the new name using `terraform state mv`.
```
